Komatsu
You're in the limelight today, aren't you?
By the way, don't cheer me up
Now, I don't know how many people hate me
Hahahaha
It's all a bunch of villains
Just like the night sky city
Komatsu
I've never heard you talk about your family before
I don't know if I can talk about it.
Moon old
It's all in the past
There's no need for Dad Xiaoyuer to know
Daddy Xiaoyuer, you have been bullied by them all the time.
Xiaoyuer looks unhappy
Joe always lets the kids talk
Grandpa Li's father wrote in his diary
I saw it.
After I was born, my father took care of me
Quit a high-paying job abroad
As a result, after returning to China, he was married by the two big bad guys
Deceived the house and property
Otherwise, Dad wouldn't be like this now
Little demon doesn't cry
It's outrageous
It's a waste to do things like this
Departure immediately notified
From now on, stop all cooperation with the Ye family
Within a week
I want to see the Ye family go bankrupt
Li Lang wait a minute
Lilang does her own thing
This time I don't want to rely on the power of menstruation
I wanted to do it on my own.
Make them pay
Husband, don't know him in general
It's not necessary.
You see how special that dog thing is today
But he reported his period.
Can't beat him
Harlin has been so arrogant
husband
Isn't Yingying in the same school as his daughter?
Oh, we can.
Yingying doesn't need the little master's bone marrow now
Then there's no need for him to exist